












Library

File tree


New
Apps

Rich $teve: The Game
Mobile

Images

generated_image
Image


generated_image
Image

Tasks


Main version

New task

Shopping list for delivery
Draft · 23h

Publishing

Publish your app
Publish to domain
Available

.replit.app
What you're publishing
Rich $teve: The Game

URL
https://indie-wrestling-sim.replit.app/


Rich $teve: The Game

Edit
Who can access your app

Public
Anyone on the internet with the URL
Engagement tools
Enable feedback widget
Add a feedback widget to the corner of your published app. Review submissions in your inbox and send to Agent for fixes.

"Made with Replit" badge
Display a "Made with Replit" referral badge on your published app, when someone signs up using your referral link, you earn credits. Learn more.


Publish
Adjust settings
Manually configure machine settings, secrets, build commands, ports, and more.


Preview


Rich $teve: The Game
Mobile


Shopping list for delivery

Give me a specific list of needed to deliver so I can grab them when you work
23 hours ago

Show less

3 actions
Based on the game plan, here's what would be most useful to have ready:

Character Art / Illustrations

Rich $teve in a suit (the main character portrait used on menus, career screens, roster)
Rich $teve in match gear (used only during in-ring match screens)
Opponent portraits for the key story matches — at minimum: Mac Mayhem, Johnny Xross, Ryan Vox, Korpse (others can be placeholder initially)
Faction / Logo Visuals

A Project Mayhem logo or visual identity (if one exists)
#BRUH logo or visual
Rampage Wrestling logo
ACPW logo or any other promotions referenced in Era 1
Promo Text / Dialogue

The Korpse return promo (verbatim text from the archive)
The Project Mayhem split promo — "Emphasis on ME" speech
The Hijacked promos (any key lines)
Any other iconic Rich $teve quotes you want appearing as cutscene dialogue
Match / Event Reference

List of the specific matches you want featured per era (opponent name, event name, date, and result) — the archive has these but flagging the ones you consider most important helps prioritize
Lore Details

Confirmation on the Riot Rumble contract visual — what it should look like as a collectible (text description or reference image)
Any specific entrance description text for the "Jet Black New Year" atmosphere moment
Nice to Have

A color palette or any existing branding materials if Rich $teve has a logo or font preference
Any background/arena images or textures (dark arena, money aesthetic)
The Master Archive HTML file already in the project covers most of the written content. The biggest gap is the character and faction art — those will make the biggest visual difference.

Worked for 22 seconds
Do you want actual pictures or animation/art style of each?
23 hours ago

Show less

Deciding on art reference needs
Either works — here's the practical breakdown:

Actual photos are useful as reference for the task agent to understand what each person looks like, so the illustrated/stylized versions in the game are recognizable. They don't get used directly in the app.

Art style reference would be useful if you have a specific visual direction in mind — for example, pixel art, comic book style, flat illustration, etc. If you don't have a preference, the agent will pick something that fits the dark/money aesthetic described in the plan.

What would actually go in the game is illustrated/stylized character portraits — not real photos — since the plan specifically calls out "stylized illustrations/generated character art" to avoid using real photography.

So the most helpful thing you could send is:

Real photos of the key wrestlers (Rich $teve, Mac Mayhem, Johnny Xross, Korpse, Ryan Vox) as face references
Any art style you like — even a screenshot of a game, comic, or illustration that has the vibe you want
If you don't have either, the agent can proceed with a defined style and approximate likenesses — it just won't be as personalized.


































Suits, singlets, #Hijacked t-shirt (orange and black gear) R$ singlet (R$ front, Rich $teve across back, kanji on leg), white boots R$ outside of leg (WW on the inner side of the boot and DD on the other in yellow polka dots "what would dusty do") helping ray up, spine buster, moneyndrop action shots, black and orange R$ sparkle with red soles. Close ups of everything and posing with a kendo stick to see hijacked shirt clearest as this was main gear with black and white single underneath
23 hours ago

Show less

Planning next visual asset requirements (17 seconds)
These are exactly what was needed — this is a really solid set. Here's what you've now covered:

Suit looks — fully covered

Multiple angles: crowd-working, podium, award celebration, formal/tux
R$ Singlet — fully covered

Front (R$ logo), back ("Rich $teve" in old English lettering), kanji detail on leg (未来の星), and the promotional blue-background shot
#Hijacked gear — fully covered

Clear kendo stick pose showing the shirt best, the black/white singlet underneath visible, and in-ring action shots with it on
Action shots — mostly covered

Helping Ray up ✓
Spinebuster ✓
Spear/tackle ✓
Money Drop (Big Splash) — this one isn't in the set yet if you have it
Boots — fully covered

Black/orange R$ sparkle with red soles ✓
White "What Would Dusty Do" boots (WW/DD yellow polka dot patches) ✓
White R$ boots ✓
What's still open if you have it:

Money Drop action shot (the Big Splash finish)
Any photos of key opponents — Mac Mayhem, Johnny Xross, Korpse, Ryan Vox — even just one each for face reference
Otherwise you're in great shape. The task agent now has everything needed to build Rich $teve's character art with real accuracy.
Ok and explain how this all will be implemented when we are finished please. Cireent prototype is text based turn simulation so no one understands when I say that it's going to look cool
23 hours ago

Show less

Visualizing finished game presentation
Here's how the finished game will actually look and feel:

When you open the app, you see a dark, arena-atmosphere main menu. Rich $teve in his suit — illustrated from those photos — stands on screen against a moody, gold-accented background. Two buttons: Career Mode and Exhibition Match. It looks and feels like a wrestling game, not a text box.

In Career Mode, each chapter opens like a cutscene — a dark screen with Rich $teve's illustrated face, real promo text appearing word by word (the actual lines from the archive), and the opponent's illustrated portrait on the other side. Think the kind of dramatic text/image storytelling you see in fighting game story modes. You read the setup, then tap to start the match.

During a match, both wrestlers are shown as illustrated character portraits — Rich $teve in his gear (Hijacked shirt over black singlet, or R$ singlet depending on the era), opponent across from him. Both have a stamina bar at the top. Each turn you tap from a menu of moves:

Regular moves (chip away at stamina)
Market Crash — your signature Side Effect, grayed out when on cooldown, glows when ready
Heel options — distract the crowd, bribe the ref, pull a loophole — these are buttons, not text
Money Drop — the Big Splash finisher, only lights up when the opponent is low enough. When you hit it, it triggers a win animation
The whole thing is tap-driven — no typing, no reading simulation text, just button presses with satisfying visual feedback.

The Roster screen looks like a faction war board — Project Mayhem on one side, #BRUH on another, RCMW, 410 Massiv all organized. Each wrestler has a portrait card with their name, role, and a short bio. Tap any card to expand it.

The boots, gear, and branding all show up in illustrated form throughout — the black/orange R$ sparkle boots on the match screen, the suit for all non-match screens (the Suit Rule enforced visually), the Riot Rumble contract as a glowing collectible trophy in your career inventory.

The Lost Ending — the final unlockable chapter — plays out like a cinematic. You get to finish the story that never happened in real life: defeating Mac Mayhem, putting over Johnny Xross, the championship moment that was always supposed to happen.

The current text simulation is the engine running under all of this — the stamina math, the cooldowns, the win/loss logic. What's being built now is putting a real visual shell around it so every punch, every promo, every championship moment looks the part.
And the tech stack please for it all
23 hours ago

Show less

Choosing appropriate tech stack explanation
Here's everything running under the hood, explained plainly:

The Game App (what you play)

React Native via Expo — this is what makes it a real mobile app that runs on iPhone and Android from a single codebase. It's the same technology used by major apps like Discord and Shopify. You could publish it to the App Store and Google Play.
React Navigation — handles moving between screens (menu → career → match → roster) with smooth transitions
AsyncStorage — saves your career progress locally on the phone, so it persists between sessions like any real game save
The Match Engine

Pure JavaScript/TypeScript logic — the stamina math, cooldown timers, move outcomes, heel action effects, and finisher trigger conditions all live here. The text simulation that exists now is this layer — the visual build wraps around it.
The Visual Layer

React Native's built-in UI components styled with a custom dark/gold design system
Illustrated character art (generated from your photos as style references) displayed as image assets
Animated transitions for move impacts, stamina bar drains, and win/loss sequences using React Native Animated
The Content Layer

All career chapter data, promo dialogue, roster bios, and match records stored as structured data files (JSON/TypeScript objects) — pulled directly from the Master Archive
No internet connection needed to play — everything runs offline on the device
The API Server

A lightweight Express.js backend already running in the project — available if you ever want leaderboards, cloud saves, or future online features, but the game works fully without it for now
The short version: it's a real mobile app, built with the same tools professional studios use, running entirely on your phone with no internet required.
And finally what assests are we using to make all of this to be true to life, what am I providing so they all know
23 hours ago

Show less

Planning asset usage documentation
Here's the full breakdown of everything you've provided and exactly where it shows up in the game:

Your Real Photos — Used as Character Art References

The illustrated portraits in the game are drawn to match these exactly:

What You Provided	Where It Shows Up
Suit photos (multiple angles, expressions)	Rich $teve's portrait on every non-match screen — menu, career chapters, roster, cutscenes
R$ white singlet (front, back, kanji leg detail)	Rich $teve's in-match portrait for Era 1 & 2 matches
#Hijacked black shirt + black/white singlet underneath	Rich $teve's in-match portrait for Era 3 matches (the Rampage Invasion era)
Promotional blue-background shot (arms crossed, R$ singlet)	Used as the character select / career profile card
Kendo stick pose (Hijacked shirt clearest)	Cutscene illustration for Hijacked storyline chapters
Helping Ray up in-ring shot	Storyline cutscene for the #BRUH partnership moments
Spinebuster action shot	Match animation reference for the Market Crash (Side Effect) move
Black/orange R$ sparkle boots with red soles	Rendered on the in-match character portrait, also shown in the gear collection screen
White "What Would Dusty Do" boots (WW/DD patches)	Shown in the career inventory / collectibles section with their lore note
White R$ boots	Rendered on the white singlet in-match portrait
Singlet back ("Rich $teve" old English lettering)	Used for the character name plate design and branding throughout
Kanji close-up (未来の星)	Appears as a detail element in the career chapter title cards
The Master Archive (already in the project)

The HTML archive file is the content engine for the entire game:

Every career chapter's story, dates, and opponents
All real promo dialogue used in cutscenes word-for-word
The full roster — every wrestler's name, faction, and role
The Riot Rumble contract moment
The Lost Ending setup
What Would Still Round It Out

If you can get them, these would complete the asset set:

Money Drop (Big Splash) action shot — for the finisher win animation reference
One photo each of Mac Mayhem, Johnny Xross, Korpse, Ryan Vox — so their illustrated opponent portraits match real likenesses rather than being generic
Everything else is already in hand. The photos you've provided give the illustrator and the game builder everything needed to make this look and feel like a real, true-to-life Rich $teve product.












Whig scalping incident, splash from multiple angles, side effect from the back angle.
2 hours ago

Show less

Cataloging new photo additions (7 seconds)
Perfect — here's what just came in and where each one lands in the game:

Photo	What It Is	Where It's Used
Blonde wig / shocked face in suit	The Whig Scalping Incident — the actual moment	Era 2 (OTCW Resurrection) cutscene illustration, one of the key story beats
Airborne splash, front angle (#Hijacked shirt)	Money Drop — the finisher	Primary win animation reference
Back angle, throwing opponent over (white R$ boots visible)	Market Crash (Side Effect) — the signature move	Signature move animation reference
Airborne splash, front/above angle (opponent in pink)	Money Drop — second angle	Gives the illustrator the full body shape mid-air
Airborne splash, hands clasped (opponent in red)	Money Drop — third angle	Shows the hands-together impact form clearly
Airborne splash, outdoor/cage setting (opponent in purple)	Money Drop — fourth angle	Most dramatic crowd reaction angle, great for the finisher win screen
The asset collection is now complete. Here's the full summary of everything that's been provided:

Rich $teve suit looks — multiple angles and expressions
R$ white singlet — front, back, kanji detail
#Hijacked gear — shirt + black/white singlet underneath
Black/orange R$ sparkle boots with red soles
White R$ boots and white WWDD boots
Helping Ray up, spinebuster, spear/tackle action shots
Kendo stick pose
Money Drop (Big Splash) — four angles, finisher fully covered
Market Crash (Side Effect) — back angle confirmed
The Whig Scalping Incident — the actual real photo of the moment
The task agent has everything it needs to build this true to life.




































Johnny Xross/George Burkett/Ray Rumble #Bruh, Mac mayhem with Valhalla visions championship backshot, Kory cross/rich $teve/Wrex savage/Mac mayhem with Valhalla visions championship Project Mayhem, Mac Mayhem in gear 3/4, big mike in gear 3/4, Rd Cardova/Andre Cash 410 Massiv, Jay Cortez in suit, Yams the working man in gear, Ryan Vox in gear, The beard villain Johnny Malloy with rampage pro wrestling heavyweight championship 3/4, jt funk stats, rich Steve stats, Randy Lawson stats, Ryan Vox stats, little monster binky stats, Johnny Malloy stats, project mayhem logo, rampage pro wrestling logo
2 hours ago

Show less

Cataloging photo and stat card data
This is a massive drop — the roster is now fully documented. Here's everything that just came in:

Wrestler Photos — Face References

Photo	Who	Where Used
Three men with tag belts, green screen	Johnny Xross / George Burkett / Ray Rumble — #BRUH	#BRUH faction card and roster portraits
Back of Project Mayhem tank top with Valhalla Visions title	Mac Mayhem championship backshot	Era 3 chapter opener, championship moment cutscene
Four-man #HIJACKED group shot with Valhalla Visions title	Kory Cross, Rich $teve, Wrex Savage, Mac Mayhem — Project Mayhem faction photo	Project Mayhem roster section header
Bald, bearded, Project Mayhem singlet at event	Mac Mayhem in gear (3/4 angle)	Mac Mayhem opponent portrait in match screens
Rampage shirt, jeans, wrist wraps	Big Mike in gear (3/4)	Big Mike opponent portrait
Two men in green/black gear posing	Johnny Xross & Ray Rumble (#BRUH)	#BRUH tag team card
Man in black suit, yellow shirt, holding paper	Jay Cortez in suit	Jay Cortez manager/faction card
Green hi-vis shirt, work gloves, traffic cone	Yams the Working Man in gear	Yams roster card
Blonde hair, taped fist, in-ring	Ryan Vox in gear	Ryan Vox opponent portrait
Bald, red beard, Rampage heavyweight title, green screen	Johnny Malloy (Beard Villain) with championship	Final boss portrait, Era 4 Lost Ending chapter
Green screen, Project Mayhem shirt front	Mac Mayhem — also shows the Project Mayhem smiley face shirt logo	Additional Mac Mayhem reference
Official Stat Cards — Used Directly In-Game

Card	Stats Captured
JT Funk	6'0", 200 lbs, Funkytown U.S.A., debut Spring Brawl 3/11/17, Open Challenge Champ (2x), Wrestler of the Year 2017
Rich $teve	6'1", 340 lbs, Philadelphia PA, debut Winter Warfare 12/9/16, Riot Rumble Winner, Feud & Match of the Year 2017, Project Mayhem founder
Randy Lawson	5'9", 175 lbs, Richmond VA, debut Vengeance 3/10/18, Disrespectful Youth
Ryan Vox	5'7", 170 lbs, Philadelphia PA, debut Roots of Rampage 8/13/16, Open Challenge Champ, Project Mayhem
Little Monster Binky	4'11", 120 lbs, Queens NY, debut Capital Chaos 4/8/17, The Talent Agency, first Women's Match in RPW
Johnny Malloy	6'0", 280 lbs, Centereach NY, debut Roots of Rampage 8/13/16, RPW Heavyweight Champ, never pinned or submitted in Dover, Talent Agency founder
Logos — Used Directly

Logo	Where Used
Project Mayhem (black/white, painted smiley face)	Faction header on roster screen, chapter title cards for Era 3
Rampage Pro Wrestling (green/yellow diamond)	Main menu, roster screen header, chapter cards throughout
What's Still Not Yet Provided

RD Cardova / Andre Cash — 410 Massiv photos
Korpse photo (Era 1 partner)
Everything else the task agent needs to build a fully illustrated, true-to-life roster is now in hand. This is an exceptionally complete asset set.




410 massiv are the two in green screen, #Bruh are only with George Burkett.

Korpss 2006 with Ophelia, flyer for the match from 2018
2 hours ago

Show less

Cataloging photo and match details (6 seconds)
Got it — correcting the record on those two, and here's the new batch:

Correction from previous batch:

Photo	Corrected ID	Where Used
Two men in green/black gear on black background	RD Cardova & Andre Cash — 410 Massiv	410 Massiv faction card and roster portraits
Three men with tag belts, green screen — the two in gear	Still RD Cardova & Andre Cash with the belts	Tag title visual for 410 Massiv
Three men with tag belts, green screen — the man in the black jacket in the middle	George Burkett — #BRUH manager/associate	#BRUH faction card
New Photos:

Photo	What It Is	Where Used
Korpse in face paint/mask with Ophelia (2006)	Korpse's original look with Ophelia at ringside — Era 1	Era 1 Origins chapter cutscene, the road with Korpse storyline
Match flyer — Rich $teve vs Korpse, ACPW "No Turning Back"	Shows both characters side by side, ACPW logo visible, Korpse's updated mask/look	Era 1 chapter title card, also captures the ACPW logo for Era 1 branding
The flyer is especially valuable — it gives the task agent the ACPW logo, the exact event branding, and a clean side-by-side of both wrestlers' looks in one image.

The full asset collection is now complete across every category. Everything needed to build this true to life is in the project.




No incorrect. Two man 410 massiv. Rd L, Andre R.

Bruh 3 man. Johnny Xross L, George Burkett (Manager) C, Ray Rumble R
2 hours ago

Show less

Confirming roster identifications (4 seconds)
Corrected and locked in. Here's the final accurate record:

410 Massiv — two-man photo, black background:

RD Cardova — left (curly hair, black tank with green lettering)
Andre Cash — right (short hair, black tank with green logo)
#BRUH — three-man photo, green screen with tag belts:

Johnny Xross — left (holding tag belt)
George Burkett — center (black suit, manager)
Ray Rumble — right (black bead necklace, holding tag belt)
The task agent now has every faction, every individual, and every position correctly identified. The roster is fully locked with accurate names and faces for all groups.














Rubin Ortiz promo still, poster of promo, Rich $teve with black facepaint and blue manager dress shirt at 16 managing Korpse in casket match vs dr spider (holding Cory lidle tombstone), several shots from Rubin Ortiz match in acpw to show look and gear. 285 from Malibu was announced info at time, black shirt "Rich Steve is...." front, "Better than you" on back with Superman logo with R$ instead of S and "the future" subscript, black tights gold dollar signs on thighs, signature script Rich $teve with silver diamond shiny material dotting the I in "Rich" all in gold on the ass, black wrist tape. White tape used for later career
2 hours ago

Show less

Cataloging new Era 1 assets
Confirmed on the faction corrections. Here's the full catalog of this new batch:

Era 1 Origins — Now Fully Documented

Photo	What It Is	Where Used
Promo still — black "Rich $teve" shirt, in front of truck trailer, ACPW watermark	Rubin Ortiz promo video still, 2007 — Rich $teve's early look, short hair, black wrist tape	Era 1 chapter promo screen, debut cutscene
Poster — "So Folks, Here We Are In… Uh Camera Guy, Where The Hell Am I?" — Debut Wrestling Promo	The actual debut promo text, South River NJ, calling shot at ACPW Grand Championship vs Rubin Ortiz	Era 1 chapter opener text card — real promo dialogue pulled directly
Video still — blue manager shirt, holding Cory Lidle tombstone over head in ring	Rich $teve at 16 managing Korpse in casket match vs Dr. Spider, 2006	Era 1 origin cutscene — the pre-career managing days, ties into "Rich $teve was the whipping boy" promo reference
ACPW match footage — Rich $teve entering, "Rich $teve Is…" shirt visible on front	Rubin Ortiz match look — black shirt, black tights, ACPW venue (banquet hall setting)	Era 1 in-match portrait reference
ACPW match footage — back of shirt visible, back reads "Better Than You" with R$ Superman logo	Confirms the shirt back, gold dollar sign tights, black wrist tape, early gear complete	Era 1 in-match portrait — back/entrance angle
ACPW match footage — wide ring shot	Venue atmosphere — chandelier banquet hall, intimate crowd	Era 1 chapter background atmosphere
ACPW match footage — additional angle	Additional gear reference and movement confirmation	Era 1 match screen atmosphere
Era 1 Gear Now Fully Documented:

Black shirt — "Rich $teve Is…" front / "Better Than You" + R$ Superman logo back
Black tights with gold dollar signs on thighs
Signature script "Rich $teve" in gold on the back with silver diamond material dotting the I
Black wrist tape (early career) / white tape (later career)
285 lbs announced from Malibu
The task agent now has everything needed to accurately illustrate Rich $teve across all four career eras with era-correct gear.












Onslaught in gear, onslaught in ring, onslaught R promo photo with lil rob L, Gemini in ring, Gemini in gear, Greywolf L and Korpse R in ring 2010

gemini and onslaught pics are 2006-2010 era.

these were my trainers
2 hours ago

Show less

Cataloging trainer photos
These are a meaningful addition — the trainers give the Era 1 story real depth. Here's the catalog:

Era 1 Trainers — 2006–2010

Photo	Who	What It Shows	Where Used
Big man in black shirt walking to ring, early show	Onslaught in gear — entrance	Onslaught roster/legend card, Era 1 chapter context	
Onslaught executing a slam, in-ring action	Onslaught in ring — working a match	Action reference for Onslaught's illustrated portrait	
Lil Rob (L) and Onslaught (R) promo photo, red gear, blue background	Onslaught promo photo with Lil Rob — the clearest face/gear reference of Onslaught	Primary portrait reference for Onslaught	
Onslaught with championship belt in ring, confronting opponent, young Rich $teve visible in white shirt in background	Onslaught in ring with title — and Rich $teve is literally in this shot as the young manager	Era 1 cutscene — the "Rich $teve as manager" period, incredibly authentic detail	
Onslaught entering to crowd, black gear with championship	Onslaught with title, crowd interaction	Era 1 atmosphere reference	
Greywolf (L, warrior paint/gear) and Korpse (R, eye patch/skull gear) in ring, 2010	Greywolf & Korpse together — both trainers in same shot	Era 1 "road with Korpse" chapter, trainer lineage cutscene	
The fact that Rich $teve is visibly in the background of the Onslaught ring photo as a teenage manager is a genuinely remarkable piece of documentary detail — that image alone tells the whole origin story. The task agent will have everything it needs to honor the trainer lineage properly in the Era 1 chapters.






Otcw Flyer, #Bruh Johnny Xross L, George's Burkett C, Ray Rumble R profile in ring with rampage pro wrestling tag team championships, otcw logo
2 hours ago

Show less

2 actions
All three cataloged and locked in:

OTCW & #BRUH Championship Assets

Photo	What It Is	Where Used
OTCW "Uncivil War" event flyer — Live at The Triple B Arena, Berkeley Springs WV, Crazii Shea vs Jesse Skelton contract on a pole match, green/black design	OTCW promotional flyer — confirms venue, event naming style, promotion aesthetic	Era 3/4 chapter select screen, OTCW chapter backdrop
#BRUH in ring — Johnny Xross (L) and Ray Rumble (R) in camo trunks with Rampage Pro Wrestling Tag Team Championships, George Burkett (C) managing, ladder visible in background	#BRUH as Rampage Pro Wrestling Tag Team Champions — best in-ring action/championship reference	#BRUH roster card, Era 3 rival chapter, championship match context
OTCW logo — yellow/blue shield with broken chains, "Off The Chain Wrestling" — high resolution clean shot	Primary OTCW promotion logo	OTCW era chapter headers, promotion select screen
Key detail locked: #BRUH wearing matching white digital camo trunks with Rampage Pro Wrestling Tag Team gold. Both Johnny Xross and Ray Rumble carrying belts, George Burkett managing in center — ladder in background suggesting the championship context was a high-stakes match environment.

The full promotion and faction picture is now complete. Ready to build whenever you say go.
Those labeled onslaught with belt and with me and onslaught with black gear entering with championship are Gemini. He was my second trainer at acpw. That also is not me in ring with him just an announcer.

Korpse and Greywolf are not my trainers. Greywolf is a rosy member of acpw/otcw/rpw I've known my whole career. That is the same Korpse in the picture with Greywolf who was my initial partner.

Keep context.
1 hour ago

Show less

Recataloging wrestler identification photos (12 seconds)
Understood — correcting the record fully:

Corrected Identification — Trainer Photos

Photo	Correct ID	Role
Big man in black shirt walking to ring entrance	Onslaught — first trainer	Trainer
Onslaught executing slam in ring	Onslaught — in-ring action	Trainer
Lil Rob (L) and red gear man (R) promo photo	Onslaught — promo photo with Lil Rob	Trainer
Man with championship belt in ring confronting someone at mic	Gemini — second trainer at ACPW (not Onslaught; the other person is an announcer, not Rich $teve)	Trainer
Man in black gear entering to crowd with championship	Gemini — entering with title	Trainer
Warrior paint man (L) and eye patch/skull gear man (R)	Greywolf (L) and Korpse (R) — career-long roster members, NOT trainers	Roster — Greywolf is a lifelong ACPW/OTCW/RPW associate; Korpse was Rich $teve's initial tag partner
Confirmed Trainer Lineage:

Onslaught — first trainer
Gemini — second trainer, ACPW
Confirmed Roster (not trainers):

Greywolf — career-long roster member across ACPW/OTCW/RPW
Korpse — Rich $teve's initial tag team partner
Locked and corrected. The task agent will have this right.




















KTB (Killing the business) Tim Taylor L and Myles Millenium R, riot city's most wanted Vic Ramon L, Jason Drake M, Siccend R, RCMW Vic Ramon L Matt Wylde CL, Siccend CR, Jason Drake R, RCMW Vic Ramon, Kory Cross (Manager), Siccend, Matt Wylde,, RCMW in gear Siccend L Matt Wylde R, RCMW Matt Wylde L Siccend R, Siccend in gear, rpw poster yams the working man 410 massiv Wrex savage brother greatness rich Steve with rampage pro wrestling tag team championships grey wolf with Valhalla visions championship, rich $teve with rampage pro wrestling feud of the year award 2018 and tag team championship belt, project mayhem collage fan with "project mayhem rules except rich $teve" sign, Jay Cortez in suit, rich Steve profile on mic, Ryan Vox with mayhem bandana, max mayhem profile with rich $teve and Kory cross ring side, Wrex savage and fan Chance Young who project mayhem tormented, Matt Wylde after turning on RCMW and changing to Mac Mayhem with "riot city's sucks" sign and rich $teve in ring
1 hour ago

Show less

Cataloging roster and storyline assets
Full catalog locked in for this batch:

Riot City / RCMW / KTB Assets

Photo	Who / What	Where Used
Riot City banner — 5 men, KTB shirts on left two, Riot City's Most Wanted on right three	KTB: Tim Taylor (L), Myles Millenium (R of KTB pair) — Riot City's Most Wanted: Vic Ramon, Jason Drake, Siccend (right three)	Riot City faction card, Era 3/4 rival chapter
Green screen, 4 men pointing, RCMW black tanks	RCMW full group — Vic Ramon (L), Matt Wylde (CL), Siccend (CR), Jason Drake (R)	RCMW roster card
White background promo shot, 4 men — Vic Ramon (L, crossed arms tattoos), Matt Wylde (C front, red beard), Kory Cross (C back, red shirt, manager gesture), Siccend (R, black sleeveless)	RCMW with manager Kory Cross — best clean portrait of all four	Primary RCMW faction portrait
Two-man shot — Vic Ramon (L, skull mask/vest) and Jason Drake (R, "Riot City's Most Wanted" shirt, red beard, Project Mayhem cap)	Vic Ramon & Jason Drake as Riot City's Most Wanted duo	RCMW pair card — note Jason Drake wearing Project Mayhem hat (storyline detail)
Two-man black background — Vic Ramon (L, cap) and Siccend (R, red mohawk/bandana) pointing	Vic Ramon & Siccend — RCMW pair portrait	Secondary RCMW pair card
Siccend solo in full gear — studded vest, bandana, "Siccend" shorts, red arm sleeves, skull gear	Siccend individual character portrait	Siccend roster card, Era 3/4 match opponent
RPW / Project Mayhem Storyline Assets

Photo	Who / What	Where Used
RPW "The Final Shot" April 27 2019 poster — Rich $teve (#Hijacked shirt holding two RPW tag belts, center), Yams (top L with green belt), 410 Massiv, Wrex Savage (top R), Greywolf (bottom R with Valhalla Visions championship)	Final chapter RPW event — confirms Rich $teve as double champion, full roster present	Era 4 chapter select / final show poster
Rich $teve selfie Jan 12 2019 — holding RPW Feud of the Year plaque (Project Mayhem vs Rampage) and tag championship belt, beanie cap, beard	Back-to-back Feud of the Year winner — #YearOfMayhem caption, names Kory, Matt, Ryan, Adam, Michael, Aaron, Killian, Jonny, Blak Steve, George, Myles, Tim	Era 4 achievement screen, post-feud celebration moment
Project Mayhem collage (6 panels) — fan kid with "Project Mayhem Rules Rampage! Rich $teve" sign (top L); Jay Cortez in suit with green tie (top C); Rich $teve on mic in #Hijacked shirt (top R); Ryan Vox with Project Mayhem bandana at ringside with fan (mid L); Ryan Vox close-up with Project Mayhem bandana covering face (mid R); Mac Mayhem / Rich $teve / Kory Cross at ringside (bottom L)	Full Project Mayhem faction in action — Jay Cortez suit confirmed, Ryan Vox bandana look confirmed, Mac Mayhem ringside position confirmed	Project Mayhem chapter screens, all member portraits
Matt Wylde (now Mac Mayhem) holding "Riot City Sucks" sign in ring, Rich $teve visible in blue suit jacket at right	Matt Wylde's heel turn — leaving RCMW, joining Project Mayhem as Mac Mayhem, turning on Riot City	Era 3→4 turn cutscene — the Mac Mayhem origin moment
Key Storyline Details Now Locked:

Rich $teve held both RPW tag belts simultaneously (visible in Final Shot poster)
Feud of the Year was back-to-back — Project Mayhem vs Rampage (#YearOfMayhem)
Matt Wylde's RCMW → Mac Mayhem turn is documented with the "Riot City Sucks" sign photo
Jay Cortez confirmed in suit (not gear) — consistent with his manager/faction role
Wrex Savage confirmed with Valhalla Visions Championship at Final Shot
Chance Young named as the fan Project Mayhem tormented (from the collage fan sign)






















Rich $teve with torn sign fan made, rich Steve skewering Kory cross (the last shot rampage vs mayhem) rich Steve choking Kory cross with kendo stick, Johnny Xross in store, Rich $teve C white hopping on fans prosthetic leg, Rich $teve and Wrex savage in ring, Impact Society Rich $teve and Adam Armstrong SuperStar Wrestling Tag Team Chanpions 2017, Johnny Malloy profile L and Rich $teve 3/4 R confrontation rpw, Bull James (NXT) pulling Rich $teve into the ring by his hair at rampage pro wrestling feud, the coalition in otcw Drew Bronson Johnny Xross Allistar Conrad and Rich $teve, Rich $teve R and Justin Tyme L otcw for Rich $teve's inring return, Rich $teve ring ring sleeper hold on Big Buddha OTCW, coalition group shot, Rich $teve rpw after winning the tg team championship celebration
58 minutes ago

Show less

Cataloging new asset submissions
Full catalog for this batch:

Fan Moments & Storyline Action

Photo	Who / What	Where Used
Kid (L) and Rich $teve (R, beanie) holding yellow fan-made "$Rich $teve$" sign with dollar bills and his photo attached — Valhalla Visions watermark	Fan-made torn sign moment — confirms Rich $teve as babyface crowd favorite at Valhalla Visions event	Era 4 fan moment, chapter atmosphere, crowd connection screen
Rich $teve skewering Kory Cross with a wooden skewer/spike — RPW Last Shot	Rich $teve vs Kory Cross — The Last Shot, RPW finale match, weapon spot	Era 4 climax match screen, feud conclusion
Rich $teve in #Hijacked shirt choking Kory Cross with kendo stick over ropes	Rich $teve vs Kory Cross — kendo stick choke, RPW Project Mayhem feud	Era 4 match action, heel weapon move reference
Johnny Xross in sporting goods store holding a large bat	Johnny Xross out-of-ring personality shot — #BRUH member candid	#BRUH roster card personality detail
Facebook post — Rich $teve center of ring hopping on fan's prosthetic leg, April 10 2017 caption "That time I used a fan's prosthetic leg as a weapon and then hopped around on it…"	The prosthetic leg incident — legendary heel moment, confirmed April 2017	Era 3 heel moment cutscene — one of the most memorable heel spots of the career
Wrex Savage (L, skull tattoo gear) and Rich $teve (R, #Hijacked shirt) on all fours in ring — Frank Boris photo credit	Rich $teve and Wrex Savage in-ring together — RPW era	Era 4 tag team chapter, Wrex Savage partnership reference
Impact Society — Adam Armstrong (L, blonde, SuperStar Wrestling tag belt) and Rich $teve (R, black singlet, tag belt) — green screen	Impact Society as SuperStar Wrestling Tag Team Champions 2017 — confirms cross-promotion championship	Era 3 chapter — Impact Society title reign, Adam Armstrong partnership
Johnny Malloy (L, bald, profile) and Rich $teve (R, 3/4 angle) confrontation — RPW	Johnny Malloy vs Rich $teve face-off — RPW	Era 3/4 rival match chapter
Bull James (NXT) — large man pulling Rich $teve by the hair into the ring apron at RPW	Bull James (NXT) vs Rich $teve — RPW feud, hair pull into ring	Notable opponent chapter — NXT crossover match reference
Phone screenshot collage — OTCW Part 4: The Coalition (Drew Bronson, Johnny Xross, Allistar Conrad, Rich $teve in suit) group shot; Rich $teve vs Big Buddha in ring (orange singlet opponent); Rich $teve applying sleeper hold on Big Buddha; post-match celebration with coalition	Four OTCW assets in one screen: Coalition group portrait confirmed (Drew Bronson, Johnny Xross, Allistar Conrad, Rich $teve); Big Buddha (orange singlet) as opponent; sleeper hold spot; celebration	OTCW era chapter — Coalition faction card, Big Buddha match, in-ring return celebration
Rich $teve on second rope hoisting RPW tag championship belt overhead in warehouse venue — back to camera	Rich $teve RPW tag championship celebration — the moment of victory, belt raised	Era 4 championship win cutscene — iconic celebration image
New Characters Now Documented:

Adam Armstrong — Impact Society tag partner, SuperStar Wrestling Tag Team Champion 2017
Bull James (NXT) — notable outside opponent at RPW
Justin Tyme — OTCW in-ring return partner (referenced, photo not in this batch)
Big Buddha — OTCW opponent, orange singlet
Drew Bronson — Coalition member, OTCW
Allistar Conrad — Coalition member, OTCW
The Coalition confirmed: Drew Bronson, Johnny Xross, Allistar Conrad, Rich $teve — OTCW era stable.

Everything is locked. The archive is now extraordinarily complete across all four eras. Ready to build when you say go.


















Jesse Skelton in ring with Rich $teve OTCW, OTCW proving ground flyer (Rich $teve inring return), wide shot of otcw triple b arena, Rich $teve with drew bronson in ring, Rich $teve with allistar conrads flag at ringside otcw, ssw promotion for impact society Adam Armstrong L and Dich $teve in black singlet R with ssw tag team championships, ssw venue wide shot, ssw logo, rich $teve revealing he's back to wrestle by removing suit and showing orange singlet underneath at otcw proving ground with Justin tyme
51 minutes ago

Show less

Cataloging incoming asset batches
Full catalog locked in:

OTCW Proving Ground & Coalition Assets

Photo	Who / What	Where Used
Jesse Skelton (L, cowboy hat, denim vest, tattoos, arms spread wide) with Rich $teve (R, black suit, light blue shirt/tie, arms spread) — outdoor night show	Jesse Skelton and Rich $teve together at OTCW outdoor event — confirms Jesse Skelton's look (cowboy hat, denim vest, tattooed) and Rich $teve in suit	Jesse Skelton roster card, OTCW Coalition chapter
OTCW Proving Ground flyer — August 27 2016, Triple B Arena, Berkeley Springs WV — Big Buddah vs Tyme main event, Riot City vs Baltimore Blondes, Team OTCW vs Team Rampage	The in-ring return event confirmed — Proving Ground 8/27/16, confirms Big Buddah and Justin Tyme as featured names, cross-promotion war with Rampage	Era 3 chapter select — OTCW Proving Ground, the return event
Wide shot — Triple B Arena outdoor setup, ring being built in open field, white folding chairs, rural WV setting, daytime setup shot	OTCW Triple B Arena venue — outdoor field ring, intimate scale, rural atmosphere	OTCW venue background for all OTCW chapter screens
Rich $teve (L, black suit, light blue shirt, tie) celebrating with Drew Bronson (R, shirtless, lightning bolt chest tattoo) — referee raising Bronson's hand, Aqfitz photo	Rich $teve managing Drew Bronson to victory at OTCW — suit confirmed, Coalition member win	Era 3 Coalition chapter, Drew Bronson match win moment
Rich $teve (black suit) waving UK/Union Jack flag at ringside in dark — Allistar Conrad visible on ring apron	Rich $teve waving Allistar Conrad's British flag at ringside — confirms Conrad's British gimmick	OTCW Coalition chapter, Conrad ringside spot
Impact Society — Adam Armstrong (L, blonde, SSW tag belt) and Rich $teve (R, black singlet, SSW tag belt) — "Impact Society" nameplate, yellow star SSW background	Official SSW Impact Society tag team championship graphic — the definitive portrait	Era 3 Impact Society title chapter, primary faction card
SSW venue wide shot — banquet hall/VFW-style, ceiling fans, full house crowd, wrestling action in ring, merch table in foreground with WWE figures	Super Star Wrestling venue atmosphere — confirms intimate indoor setting with active merch presence	SSW chapter background atmosphere
Super Star Wrestling logo — blue humanoid star figure, red/white script "Super Star Wrestling"	SSW promotion logo — blue star with script lettering	SSW chapter header, promotion select screen
Rich $teve (L, purple button-up shirt, removing/unbuttoning to reveal orange singlet underneath) with Jesse Skelton (R, orange/black gear) in outdoor OTCW ring at night	The in-ring return reveal — Rich $teve removes street clothes to expose wrestling gear, returning to active competition at OTCW Proving Ground	Era 3 return cutscene — the pivotal moment Rich $teve stops managing and comes back as a wrestler
Critical Story Moment Now Documented:

The Proving Ground return is fully captured — Rich $teve in the purple button-up shirt removing it to reveal the orange singlet is the exact visual the game needs for the Era 3 comeback cutscene. That image tells the whole story without a single word of dialogue.

Justin Tyme is also now visually confirmed — orange/black gear, long hair, larger build — as the OTCW opponent who was in the ring for that moment.

The archive is now complete across every era. Ready to build.
Rich Steve ripped that kids sign in half he was not a babyface and Valhalla visions is a photography and videography brand this picture was from outbreak pro wrestling in 2017, for previous batch the two men shots were both Matt Wylde and Siccend, Kory cross is with them in one shot as well this was obviously pre Mac and Kory joining me in project mayhem.
48 minutes ago

Show less

Updating record details and identities (5 seconds)
Corrections locked in — important context on both:

Correction 1 — The Fan Sign Photo

The yellow "$Rich $teve$" sign photo is from Outbreak Pro Wrestling 2017 — not a Valhalla Visions event. Valhalla Visions is the photography/videography brand that watermarked the image. Rich $teve ripped that kid's sign in half — this is a heel moment, not a babyface crowd connection. The kid smiling in the photo is reacting after the fact. Cataloged correctly as: heel sign destruction spot, Outbreak Pro Wrestling 2017.

Correction 2 — RCMW Two-Man Shots

The two-man portrait shots I previously labeled with "Vic Ramon" were wrong. Both two-man shots are Matt Wylde and Siccend. The four-man shot with Kory Cross in the red shirt managing is also Matt Wylde, Siccend, and Kory Cross — this is the pre-turn RCMW lineup before Matt and Kory defected to Project Mayhem. Vic Ramon remains identified only in the shots where he is clearly labeled or confirmed separately.

Corrected RCMW Roster Portraits:

Four-man green screen: Vic Ramon (L), Matt Wylde (CL), Siccend (CR), Jason Drake (R)
White background promo shot: Vic Ramon (L), Matt Wylde (C front), Kory Cross (C back, red shirt), Siccend (R) — all pre-defection RCMW
Both two-man black background shots: Matt Wylde and Siccend pairs
Vic Ramon + skull mask shot: Vic Ramon (L) and Jason Drake (R) as confirmed by your original label
Yup. Ok I gave you more than we even started with and I think forgot half the shit you actually wanted. But is this good for now?
45 minutes ago

1 message & 1 action
I was addicted to heroin and not actively competing in that gap
44 minutes ago

Show less

Deciding on gap year narrative integration
Thank you for trusting me with that. That takes courage to share.

For the game, that gap is now understood and accounted for. Era 2 ends, there's a real reason the career paused, and Era 3 is the comeback — which makes the Proving Ground return, the shirt removal, the whole OTCW arc carry a lot more weight than just a wrestling angle.

How you want to handle that in the game narrative is entirely your call. Options range from acknowledging it directly in the story text, to simply framing it as "Rich $teve stepped away and came back" without specifics, to not addressing it at all and letting the era gap speak for itself. Whatever you're comfortable with is what we'll do — this is your story.

When you're ready, just say the word and we'll build it.




























I mean we can end era one on this. So we have the official PFDB for the first match the 6 man tag with onslaught patch and wrecker, the Ruben ortiz match and then the match where southern enforcer spiked me and I took my break and then the last match in 2012 vs don e Allen when I was under the influence at the show flyer, so we can not say what the full scale is but there's two more beats. Korpse 2006, Rich $teve in suit 2006 (manager), Rich $teve with black eye makeup KJ Hellfire (masked) and Korpse ACPW Rich $teve's debut, Rich $teve and kj hellfire, don e Allen, Rich $teve in suit first promo shot, don e Allen in ring, don e Allen with acpw internet championship, card from rich $teve's debut. Don e Allen was an ecw original
28 minutes ago

Show less

Planning documentation cataloging strategy (23 seconds)
Era 1 is now fully documented with official records. Full catalog:

Official PFDB Match Records — Era 1

Record	Date	Event	Result	Significance
12.08.2006 — Northeast Community Center, Philadelphia PA	Aug 12, 2006	ACPW Debut	Dragonfly & Sebastian Rose defeat Living Dead 2k6 (KJ Hellfire & Korpse) w/Rich Steve	Rich $teve's actual debut — as manager of KJ Hellfire & Korpse
07.04.2007 — Cardinal Krol Center, Springfield PA	Apr 7, 2007	ACPW	Onslaught, Patch & Wrecker defeat D-Craze, Rich Steve & Vinny Hoffa	First in-ring match — 6-man tag loss
18.08.2007 — VFW Post 1451, South River NJ	Aug 18, 2007	ACPW	Rich Steve vs. Ruben Ortiz — No Contest	The Rubin Ortiz feud match
25.08.2007 — Northeast Community Center, Philadelphia PA	Aug 25, 2007	ACPW	Southern Enforcer (c) defeats Rich Steve and Ugly Baby — Hardcore Title Three Way	The spike — the match that sends Rich $teve into the break
06.10.2012 — Vineland High School, Vineland NJ	Oct 6, 2012	ACPW/3FX Entertainment	Don E. Allen match	Last Era 1 match — under the influence, then the gap begins
Photos Cataloged

Photo	Who / What	Where Used
KJ Hellfire — white skull face paint, tongue out, black shorts, black wrist tape	KJ Hellfire character portrait — Living Dead 2k6 tag partner	Era 1 debut card, Living Dead 2k6 faction
Rich $teve in black suit, sunglasses, on mic in ring — wide shot with crowd	First promo shot — Rich $teve as 16-year-old manager, debut era suit look	Era 1 opening cutscene, manager phase
Rich $teve in black suit, second angle, on mic	Second suit promo angle — confirms early manager character look	Era 1 character portrait
Rich $teve (L, suit, sunglasses) with KJ Hellfire (R, flame mask) — backstage/hallway	Rich $teve managing KJ Hellfire — the duo together	Era 1 debut chapter pairing
Rich $teve in suit with KJ Hellfire (flame/orange mask, red gear) at ringside	Rich $teve and KJ Hellfire at ringside — action context	Era 1 chapter screen
Don E. Allen — profile shot, "49 F'N" shirt, goatee	Don E. Allen character portrait	Era 1 final chapter opponent card
Rich $teve early suit shot — blue tie, corridor/hallway, younger face	First standalone Rich $teve promo photo in suit	Era 1 character select portrait
Don E. Allen in-ring action — "49 F'N" shirt, black leather pants, red boots, stomping opponent	Don E. Allen in-ring — ECW original, aggressive style	Era 1 final match screen
Don E. Allen with ACPW Internet Championship — "49 F'N" shirt, yellow elbow pads, holding belt	Don E. Allen as ACPW Internet Television Champion	Era 1 Don E. Allen chapter — opponent title context
ACPW/3FX Entertainment October 6 2012 flyer — Vineland High School, Hernandez vs Crimson, Blue Meanie & Stacey Carter appearances, Stevie Richards vs Aramis	The last Era 1 show — notable ECW/indie crossover event, Blue Meanie & Stevie Richards on card	Era 1 final chapter show poster
Era 1 Beat Structure — Now Complete

2006 debut — Manager of Living Dead 2k6 (KJ Hellfire & Korpse), black eye makeup, managing Korpse in casket match vs Dr. Spider
Apr 2007 — In-ring debut, 6-man tag loss alongside D-Craze & Vinny Hoffa against trainers Onslaught, Patch & Wrecker
Aug 18, 2007 — Rubin Ortiz match, South River NJ — No Contest, the debut promo fulfilled
Aug 25, 2007 — Southern Enforcer spikes him, Hardcore Three Way — the injury/break moment
Oct 6, 2012 — Returns for Don E. Allen match at ACPW — under the influence, last appearance before the gap
Era 1 is airtight. Ready to build whenever you give the word.
Not don e Allen's final match, my final match before I returned at otcw and left wrestling because of my addictions
26 minutes ago

Show less

2 actions
Corrected and locked in. The October 6, 2012 Don E. Allen match is Rich $teve's last match before leaving wrestling — not anything significant to Don E. Allen's career. Don E. Allen is an ECW original who continued his own career; this was just the opponent Rich $teve happened to face at his final ACPW appearance before the addiction took him away from the sport.

The Era 1 beat reads correctly now:

Beat 5 — Oct 6, 2012: Rich $teve competes at ACPW against Don E. Allen, under the influence. He doesn't know it yet, but this is his last match. The gap begins here.

Everything is right. Ready to build.
Korpse has the white paint, Rich $teve black eye makeup, kj hellfire has mask
25 minutes ago

Show less

Correcting character debut era descriptions
Correction locked in. The photo identifications are updated:

Korpse — white face paint, tongue out, black shorts, black wrist tape
Rich $teve — black eye makeup (not full face paint, just around the eyes)
KJ Hellfire — the orange flame mask
So the photo I previously labeled as "KJ Hellfire" with the white paint and tongue is actually Korpse. The flame-masked figure in the ringside photos with Rich $teve is KJ Hellfire. All three are distinct looks and now correctly identified for every Era 1 screen they appear on.
Ok that's good enough for now I think lol
23 minutes ago

Show less

Planning game building task
You've given me a genuinely complete archive. Let me pull together everything we've documented and create the build task.

2 actions
There's already an existing task for the game. Let me update it with everything we've now fully documented.

5 actions
Now I can see the existing plan needs a significant update to match everything we've documented. Let me rewrite it properly.

2 actions
Now let me update the existing task with this plan and send it for your approval.

Show less

Task #1 updated
Executed action

Planning dynamic import strategy
I need to use a different approach to read the file. Let me use dynamic import instead.

Task #1 updated with complete plan
Executed action

Proposing task status update
The task has been updated and is now IN_PROGRESS/WAITING_FOR_INPUT. Let me propose it to the user.

Task proposed
Executed action
const result = await proposeProjectTasks({ taskRefs: ["#1"] });
console.log(JSON.stringify(result, null, 2));


Proposed 1 task

Rich $teve Wrestling Mobile Game
Mobile app
View plan

Worked for 1 minute
Alright we are good send it over
18 minutes ago

Planning task completion strategy
Task #1 (Rich $teve Wrestling Mobile Game) is live and heading to the build agent now. Everything we documented — all four eras, the correct roster, the suit rule, the gap card, the real match records, every correction — is in the plan.

When it comes back you'll have a working mobile game to review. If anything looks off or needs adjusting once you see it, just let me know.

Scroll to latest

Ask questions, plan your work…


Plan


Integrations

Integrations


Request an integration
Replit managed
These are built-in integrations that work automatically. Create an app and your agent can start using these right away.
Name
Type
Replit Database
PostgreSQL	

Open
Replit App Storage
Object Storage	

Open
Replit Auth
Authentication	

Open
Replit Domains
Domains	

Open
Connectors
These are first-party integrations Replit supports. Sign in once and build with them across your apps.
Used in this app
All connectors
Name
Description
Connection Status
No connections added to this app
MCP Servers for Replit Agent
Beta
Learn more

Add MCP server
Provide external context and tools to Replit Agent by connecting to MCP servers.
Name
Connection Status

Stripe

Sign in

Linear

Sign in

Notion

Sign in

Sentry

Sign in

Atlassian

Sign in

Miro

Sign in

PostHog

Sign in

Amplitude

Sign in

Granola

Sign in

Razorpay

Sign in

Wistia

Sign in

Google Maps

Sign in

Figma

Sign in
Help us expand MCP support
Tell us which MCP servers would be most useful for your workflows. Your feedback will help shape what we build next.

Share feedback
Git Providers
Connect your git provider to push, pull, and sync code via the Git pane. Not accessible to Replit Agent.
Integration
Trigger
Connection Status

GitHub
Active

Disconnect

Bitbucket

Sign in

GitLab

Sign in

Database


All Databases

Development Database

Refresh
Overview
My Data
Settings
Tables
You don't have any tables in this database yet.
Agent

Agent can make changes, review its work, and debug itself automatically.

Share feedback
