Video 1: Oh, the Places Mike Will Go!
(Visual: Rich Steve is sitting with a crochet blanket, wearing a Collar x Elbow shirt and a hat. He holds up a handwritten sign that reads: "Oh The Places Mike Will Go! By: Rich $teve")
Rich Steve:
Hi, everyone. You know, I’ve... I've seen a lot of tributes to Big Mike in the last couple of days. That... that beautiful YouTube video that was put together. A lot... a lot of people saying some really, really great things. All of them. Great things.
So, I thought, seeing as how this is your last show, Mike... this is the last... this is it. This is done forever after this. I thought about my graduation. And I'm sure this is the same for many graduations all over the country, that parents, they... they seem to get the same book for their kids. And that is Oh, the Places You'll Go! by Dr. Seuss.
And so, I figured, Mike, I would give you... Oh, the Places Mike Will Go! by Rich $teve. As read by Rich $teve. So... this is my gift to you, Mike.
(He opens the "book")
Congratulations! Today is your day.
You're off to great places! You're off and away!
You got no brains in your head, and you wrestled in shoes.
Rich $teve took it all, so you've got nothing to lose.
You're on your own. And you know what you know.
And NO ONE will remember you after this show.
You'll look up and down streets. Look 'em over with care.
Yelling, "REMEMBER ME?!"
You'll be met with blank stares.
With that head lacking brains and those same shoes on your feet,
You'll walk away crying, full of defeat.
You won't find new friends. They'll all think you're a clown.
You could try, but of course, you'll be laughed out of town.
But it's opener there, in the wide open air.
Out there things can happen and frequently do...
But not for pathetic, stupid, ugly, second-rate to a kindergartner, Dusty Rhodes wannabe, Project Mayhem losing, FIRED from his job because of ME... ring announcers like you.
When things start to happen, don't worry. Don't stew.
Just know wrestling is better when it doesn't have you.
OH! THE PLACES YOU'LL GO!
You'll be on your way up! You'll be seeing great sights!
But not any high flyers or wrestlers in tights.
You'll lag far behind because you don't have the speed.
Jokes can only get you so far, even you must concede.
And your acting skills? (Hand gesture implying mediocrity) Eh. You're mediocre at best.
You won't land any roles, they'll pass you over for the rest.
Except when they don't.
Because, sometimes... they won't.
I'm sorry to say so, but sadly it's true...
If they recast Free Willy, I'm sure they'll give it to you.
Now, you can get all hung up in a prickly perch.
But everything that I'm saying here is gospel. CHURCH!
Come down from that perch with an unpleasant bump.
And the chances are, Mike, that you're stuck in a slump.
And when you're in a slump, you're not in for much fun.
Un-slumping yourself is not easily done.
You will come to a place where the streets are not marked.
Some windows are lighted. But mostly they're darked.
A place you could sprain both your elbow and chin!
But Mike, you're an idiot. So of course, you go in.
When you go in you'll catch a Left and a Right.
Was that Johnny Cross or Mac Mayhem? Not quite.
Twisting your neck, snuck up from behind...
Is your wife, Tiffany.
Well... she was yours. Now... she's mine.
(He turns the page aggressively)
You'll get so confused, that you'll run out like a race.
Well, more like speed walking, we wouldn't want you to hurt yourself at that pace.
You'll grind on for miles across weirdish wild space,
Headed, I fear, toward a most useless place.
The Big Mike Waiting Place.
...For people just waiting.
Waiting for someone to recognize them.
Waiting for someone to watch their interviews.
Waiting for someone to hear that one podcast that they were on that one time.
Just waiting.
But NO! That's not for you.
Somehow you'll escape all that waiting and staying.
But look here, Big Mike, understand what I'm saying.
All that's left is your legacy, and I am not playing.
When I say that I'll take it... believe me, it's true.
There won't be a soul in this business who remembers you.
And when the ring is torn down, and the fans go away,
Even the boys in the back will see this as just another payday.
So... today is your day!
Your mountain is waiting.
So... get on your way, Mike.
Just. Go.